1. I think…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I think this movie is great. 2: I think we should leave now. 3: I think it's going to rain. 4: I think you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
2. I reckon…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I reckon this movie is great. 2: I reckon we should leave now. 3: I reckon it's going to rain. 4: I reckon you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
3. I suppose…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I suppose this movie is great. 2: I suppose we should leave now. 3: I suppose it's going to rain. 4: I suppose you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
4. In my opinion…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: In my opinion this movie is great. 2: In my opinion we should leave now. 3: In my opinion it's going to rain. 4: In my opinion you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
5. As far as I’m concerned…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: As far as I’m concerned this movie is great. 2: As far as I’m concerned we should leave now. 3: As far as I’m concerned it's going to rain. 4: As far as I’m concerned you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
6. The way I see it…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: The way I see it this movie is great. 2: The way I see it we should leave now. 3: The way I see it it's going to rain. 4: The way I see it you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
7. If you ask me…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: If you ask me this movie is great. 2: If you ask me we should leave now. 3: If you ask me it's going to rain. 4: If you ask me you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
8. Personally, I think…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: Personally, I think this movie is great. 2: Personally, I think we should leave now. 3: Personally, I think it's going to rain. 4: Personally, I think you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
9. To my mind…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: To my mind this movie is great. 2: To my mind we should leave now. 3: To my mind it's going to rain. 4: To my mind you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
10. It seems to me that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: It seems to me that this movie is great. 2: It seems to me that we should leave now. 3: It seems to me that it's going to rain. 4: It seems to me that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
11. I’d say that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I’d say that this movie is great. 2: I’d say that we should leave now. 3: I’d say that it's going to rain. 4: I’d say that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
12. From my point of view…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: From my point of view this movie is great. 2: From my point of view we should leave now. 3: From my point of view it's going to rain. 4: From my point of view you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
13. I believe that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I believe that this movie is great. 2: I believe that we should leave now. 3: I believe that it's going to rain. 4: I believe that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
14. I’m pretty sure that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I’m pretty sure that this movie is great. 2: I’m pretty sure that we should leave now. 3: I’m pretty sure that it's going to rain. 4: I’m pretty sure that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
15. I’m convinced that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I’m convinced that this movie is great. 2: I’m convinced that we should leave now. 3: I’m convinced that it's going to rain. 4: I’m convinced that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
16. It’s clear to me that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: It’s clear to me that this movie is great. 2: It’s clear to me that we should leave now. 3: It’s clear to me that it's going to rain. 4: It’s clear to me that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
17. I tend to think that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I tend to think that this movie is great. 2: I tend to think that we should leave now. 3: I tend to think that it's going to rain. 4: I tend to think that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
18. My take on it is…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: My take on it is this movie is great. 2: My take on it is we should leave now. 3: My take on it is it's going to rain. 4: My take on it is you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
19. I’m of the opinion that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I’m of the opinion that this movie is great. 2: I’m of the opinion that we should leave now. 3: I’m of the opinion that it's going to rain. 4: I’m of the opinion that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
20. To be honest…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: To be honest this movie is great. 2: To be honest we should leave now. 3: To be honest it's going to rain. 4: To be honest you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
21. Frankly speaking…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: Frankly speaking this movie is great. 2: Frankly speaking we should leave now. 3: Frankly speaking it's going to rain. 4: Frankly speaking you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
22. Honestly…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: Honestly this movie is great. 2: Honestly we should leave now. 3: Honestly it's going to rain. 4: Honestly you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
23. If I’m being honest…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: If I’m being honest this movie is great. 2: If I’m being honest we should leave now. 3: If I’m being honest it's going to rain. 4: If I’m being honest you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
24. Between you and me…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: Between you and me this movie is great. 2: Between you and me we should leave now. 3: Between you and me it's going to rain. 4: Between you and me you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
25. Off the record…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: Off the record this movie is great. 2: Off the record we should leave now. 3: Off the record it's going to rain. 4: Off the record you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
26. I have a feeling that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I have a feeling that this movie is great. 2: I have a feeling that we should leave now. 3: I have a feeling that it's going to rain. 4: I have a feeling that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
27. Something tells me…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: Something tells me this movie is great. 2: Something tells me we should leave now. 3: Something tells me it's going to rain. 4: Something tells me you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
28. I get the impression that…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: I get the impression that this movie is great. 2: I get the impression that we should leave now. 3: I get the impression that it's going to rain. 4: I get the impression that you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
29. As I see it…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: As I see it this movie is great. 2: As I see it we should leave now. 3: As I see it it's going to rain. 4: As I see it you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
30. For what it’s worth…;This phrase is used to introduce or express your personal opinion or view on a topic. 1: For what it’s worth this movie is great. 2: For what it’s worth we should leave now. 3: For what it’s worth it's going to rain. 4: For what it’s worth you did a good job.;1-Expressing Opinions and Views
31. I totally agree.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I totally agree. It's a good idea. 2: I totally agree. That's correct. 3: I totally agree. I agree. 4: I totally agree. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
32. I completely agree.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I completely agree. It's a good idea. 2: I completely agree. That's correct. 3: I completely agree. I agree. 4: I completely agree. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
33. Absolutely.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: Absolutely. It's a good idea. 2: Absolutely. That's correct. 3: Absolutely. I agree. 4: Absolutely. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
34. Exactly!;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: Exactly! It's a good idea. 2: Exactly! That's correct. 3: Exactly! I agree. 4: Exactly! Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
35. You’re absolutely right.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: You’re absolutely right. It's a good idea. 2: You’re absolutely right. That's correct. 3: You’re absolutely right. I agree. 4: You’re absolutely right. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
36. I couldn’t agree more.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I couldn’t agree more. It's a good idea. 2: I couldn’t agree more. That's correct. 3: I couldn’t agree more. I agree. 4: I couldn’t agree more. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
37. That’s a good point.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: That’s a good point. It's a good idea. 2: That’s a good point. That's correct. 3: That’s a good point. I agree. 4: That’s a good point. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
38. You’ve got a point there.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: You’ve got a point there. It's a good idea. 2: You’ve got a point there. That's correct. 3: You’ve got a point there. I agree. 4: You’ve got a point there. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
39. I see where you’re coming from.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I see where you’re coming from. It's a good idea. 2: I see where you’re coming from. That's correct. 3: I see where you’re coming from. I agree. 4: I see where you’re coming from. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
40. Fair enough.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: Fair enough. It's a good idea. 2: Fair enough. That's correct. 3: Fair enough. I agree. 4: Fair enough. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
41. I’m with you on that.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I’m with you on that. It's a good idea. 2: I’m with you on that. That's correct. 3: I’m with you on that. I agree. 4: I’m with you on that. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
42. No doubt about it.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: No doubt about it. It's a good idea. 2: No doubt about it. That's correct. 3: No doubt about it. I agree. 4: No doubt about it. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
43. Definitely.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: Definitely. It's a good idea. 2: Definitely. That's correct. 3: Definitely. I agree. 4: Definitely. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
44. I’m not sure about that.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I’m not sure about that. It's not a good idea. 2: I’m not sure about that. That's not correct. 3: I’m not sure about that. I disagree. 4: I’m not sure about that. Let's not do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
45. I don’t quite agree.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I don’t quite agree. It's a good idea. 2: I don’t quite agree. That's correct. 3: I don’t quite agree. I agree. 4: I don’t quite agree. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
46. I’m afraid I disagree.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I’m afraid I disagree. It's not a good idea. 2: I’m afraid I disagree. That's not correct. 3: I’m afraid I disagree. I disagree. 4: I’m afraid I disagree. Let's not do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
47. I see your point, but…;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I see your point, but this movie is great. 2: I see your point, but we should leave now. 3: I see your point, but it's going to rain. 4: I see your point, but you did a good job.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
48. That’s not entirely true.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: That’s not entirely true. It's not a good idea. 2: That’s not entirely true. That's not correct. 3: That’s not entirely true. I disagree. 4: That’s not entirely true. Let's not do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
49. I’m not convinced.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I’m not convinced. It's not a good idea. 2: I’m not convinced. That's not correct. 3: I’m not convinced. I disagree. 4: I’m not convinced. Let's not do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
50. With respect, I think…;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: With respect, I think this movie is great. 2: With respect, I think we should leave now. 3: With respect, I think it's going to rain. 4: With respect, I think you did a good job.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
51. I beg to differ.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I beg to differ. It's not a good idea. 2: I beg to differ. That's not correct. 3: I beg to differ. I disagree. 4: I beg to differ. Let's not do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
52. Not really.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: Not really. It's not a good idea. 2: Not really. That's not correct. 3: Not really. I disagree. 4: Not really. Let's not do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
53. I don’t think so.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: I don’t think so. It's a good idea. 2: I don’t think so. That's correct. 3: I don’t think so. I agree. 4: I don’t think so. Let's do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
54. That’s not how I see it.;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: That’s not how I see it. It's not a good idea. 2: That’s not how I see it. That's not correct. 3: That’s not how I see it. I disagree. 4: That’s not how I see it. Let's not do it.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
55. On the contrary…;This phrase is used to show agreement or disagreement with a statement or opinion. 1: On the contrary this movie is great. 2: On the contrary we should leave now. 3: On the contrary it's going to rain. 4: On the contrary you did a good job.;2-Agreeing and Disagreeing
56. I feel…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I feel this movie is great. 2: I feel we should leave now. 3: I feel it's going to rain. 4: I feel you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
57. I’m feeling…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m feeling this movie is great. 2: I’m feeling we should leave now. 3: I’m feeling it's going to rain. 4: I’m feeling you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
58. It makes me feel…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: It makes me feel this movie is great. 2: It makes me feel we should leave now. 3: It makes me feel it's going to rain. 4: It makes me feel you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
59. I’m kind of…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m kind of this movie is great. 2: I’m kind of we should leave now. 3: I’m kind of it's going to rain. 4: I’m kind of you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
60. I’m a bit…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m a bit this movie is great. 2: I’m a bit we should leave now. 3: I’m a bit it's going to rain. 4: I’m a bit you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
61. I’m really…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m really this movie is great. 2: I’m really we should leave now. 3: I’m really it's going to rain. 4: I’m really you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
62. I’m totally…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m totally this movie is great. 2: I’m totally we should leave now. 3: I’m totally it's going to rain. 4: I’m totally you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
63. It bothers me that…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: It bothers me that this movie is great. 2: It bothers me that we should leave now. 3: It bothers me that it's going to rain. 4: It bothers me that you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
64. It annoys me when…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: It annoys me when this movie is great. 2: It annoys me when we should leave now. 3: It annoys me when it's going to rain. 4: It annoys me when you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
65. I can’t stand it when…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I can’t stand it when this movie is great. 2: I can’t stand it when we should leave now. 3: I can’t stand it when it's going to rain. 4: I can’t stand it when you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
66. I love it when…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I love it when this movie is great. 2: I love it when we should leave now. 3: I love it when it's going to rain. 4: I love it when you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
67. I’m excited about…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m excited about this movie is great. 2: I’m excited about we should leave now. 3: I’m excited about it's going to rain. 4: I’m excited about you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
68. I’m looking forward to…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m looking forward to this movie is great. 2: I’m looking forward to we should leave now. 3: I’m looking forward to it's going to rain. 4: I’m looking forward to you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
69. I’m fed up with…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m fed up with this movie is great. 2: I’m fed up with we should leave now. 3: I’m fed up with it's going to rain. 4: I’m fed up with you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
70. I’m sick and tired of…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m sick and tired of this movie is great. 2: I’m sick and tired of we should leave now. 3: I’m sick and tired of it's going to rain. 4: I’m sick and tired of you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
71. I’m on the fence about…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m on the fence about this movie is great. 2: I’m on the fence about we should leave now. 3: I’m on the fence about it's going to rain. 4: I’m on the fence about you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
72. It’s driving me crazy…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: It’s driving me crazy this movie is great. 2: It’s driving me crazy we should leave now. 3: It’s driving me crazy it's going to rain. 4: It’s driving me crazy you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
73. I’m over the moon about…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m over the moon about this movie is great. 2: I’m over the moon about we should leave now. 3: I’m over the moon about it's going to rain. 4: I’m over the moon about you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
74. I’m gutted about…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m gutted about this movie is great. 2: I’m gutted about we should leave now. 3: I’m gutted about it's going to rain. 4: I’m gutted about you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
75. I’m thrilled to bits…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m thrilled to bits this movie is great. 2: I’m thrilled to bits we should leave now. 3: I’m thrilled to bits it's going to rain. 4: I’m thrilled to bits you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
76. It breaks my heart…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: It breaks my heart this movie is great. 2: It breaks my heart we should leave now. 3: It breaks my heart it's going to rain. 4: It breaks my heart you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
77. It warms my heart…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: It warms my heart this movie is great. 2: It warms my heart we should leave now. 3: It warms my heart it's going to rain. 4: It warms my heart you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
78. I feel like…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I feel like this movie is great. 2: I feel like we should leave now. 3: I feel like it's going to rain. 4: I feel like you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
79. I’m in the mood for…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m in the mood for this movie is great. 2: I’m in the mood for we should leave now. 3: I’m in the mood for it's going to rain. 4: I’m in the mood for you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
80. I’m stressed out about…;This phrase is used to describe your feelings or emotions about something. 1: I’m stressed out about this movie is great. 2: I’m stressed out about we should leave now. 3: I’m stressed out about it's going to rain. 4: I’m stressed out about you did a good job.;3-Describing Feelings and Emotions
81. The thing is…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: The thing is this movie is great. 2: The thing is we should leave now. 3: The thing is it's going to rain. 4: The thing is you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
82. What happened was…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: What happened was this movie is great. 2: What happened was we should leave now. 3: What happened was it's going to rain. 4: What happened was you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
83. The other day…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: The other day this movie is great. 2: The other day we should leave now. 3: The other day it's going to rain. 4: The other day you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
84. A while back…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: A while back this movie is great. 2: A while back we should leave now. 3: A while back it's going to rain. 4: A while back you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
85. I remember when…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: I remember when this movie is great. 2: I remember when we should leave now. 3: I remember when it's going to rain. 4: I remember when you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
86. It all started when…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: It all started when this movie is great. 2: It all started when we should leave now. 3: It all started when it's going to rain. 4: It all started when you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
87. Out of the blue…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: Out of the blue this movie is great. 2: Out of the blue we should leave now. 3: Out of the blue it's going to rain. 4: Out of the blue you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
88. All of a sudden…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: All of a sudden this movie is great. 2: All of a sudden we should leave now. 3: All of a sudden it's going to rain. 4: All of a sudden you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
89. Before I knew it…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: Before I knew it this movie is great. 2: Before I knew it we should leave now. 3: Before I knew it it's going to rain. 4: Before I knew it you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
90. The next thing I knew…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: The next thing I knew this movie is great. 2: The next thing I knew we should leave now. 3: The next thing I knew it's going to rain. 4: The next thing I knew you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
91. As it turned out…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: As it turned out this movie is great. 2: As it turned out we should leave now. 3: As it turned out it's going to rain. 4: As it turned out you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
92. In the end…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: In the end this movie is great. 2: In the end we should leave now. 3: In the end it's going to rain. 4: In the end you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
93. To cut a long story short…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: To cut a long story short this movie is great. 2: To cut a long story short we should leave now. 3: To cut a long story short it's going to rain. 4: To cut a long story short you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
94. Long story short…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: Long story short this movie is great. 2: Long story short we should leave now. 3: Long story short it's going to rain. 4: Long story short you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
95. Anyway…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: Anyway this movie is great. 2: Anyway we should leave now. 3: Anyway it's going to rain. 4: Anyway you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
96. So basically…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: So basically this movie is great. 2: So basically we should leave now. 3: So basically it's going to rain. 4: So basically you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
97. That reminds me…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: That reminds me this movie is great. 2: That reminds me we should leave now. 3: That reminds me it's going to rain. 4: That reminds me you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
98. Speaking of which…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: Speaking of which this movie is great. 2: Speaking of which we should leave now. 3: Speaking of which it's going to rain. 4: Speaking of which you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
99. Back to what I was saying…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: Back to what I was saying this movie is great. 2: Back to what I was saying we should leave now. 3: Back to what I was saying it's going to rain. 4: Back to what I was saying you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
100. Where was I?;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: Where was I? It was interesting. 2: Where was I? We had fun. 3: Where was I? It happened suddenly. 4: Where was I? I remember it well.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
101. I’ll never forget the time…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: I’ll never forget the time this movie is great. 2: I’ll never forget the time we should leave now. 3: I’ll never forget the time it's going to rain. 4: I’ll never forget the time you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
102. There was this one time…;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: There was this one time this movie is great. 2: There was this one time we should leave now. 3: There was this one time it's going to rain. 4: There was this one time you did a good job.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
103. You...;This phrase is used to describe experiences or tell stories. 1: You... It was interesting. 2: You... We had fun. 3: You... It happened suddenly. 4: You... I remember it well.;4-Describing Experiences and Storytelling
104. Because…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Because this movie is great. 2: Because we should leave now. 3: Because it's going to rain. 4: Because you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
105. Since…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Since this movie is great. 2: Since we should leave now. 3: Since it's going to rain. 4: Since you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
106. As…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: As this movie is great. 2: As we should leave now. 3: As it's going to rain. 4: As you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
107. The reason why… is…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: The reason why… is this movie is great. 2: The reason why… is we should leave now. 3: The reason why… is it's going to rain. 4: The reason why… is you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
108. That’s why…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: That’s why this movie is great. 2: That’s why we should leave now. 3: That’s why it's going to rain. 4: That’s why you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
109. Due to…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Due to this movie is great. 2: Due to we should leave now. 3: Due to it's going to rain. 4: Due to you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
110. Owing to…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Owing to this movie is great. 2: Owing to we should leave now. 3: Owing to it's going to rain. 4: Owing to you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
111. Thanks to…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Thanks to this movie is great. 2: Thanks to we should leave now. 3: Thanks to it's going to rain. 4: Thanks to you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
112. On account of…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: On account of this movie is great. 2: On account of we should leave now. 3: On account of it's going to rain. 4: On account of you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
113. The main reason is…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: The main reason is this movie is great. 2: The main reason is we should leave now. 3: The main reason is it's going to rain. 4: The main reason is you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
114. It’s because…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: It’s because this movie is great. 2: It’s because we should leave now. 3: It’s because it's going to rain. 4: It’s because you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
115. What happened was…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: What happened was this movie is great. 2: What happened was we should leave now. 3: What happened was it's going to rain. 4: What happened was you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
116. As a result…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: As a result this movie is great. 2: As a result we should leave now. 3: As a result it's going to rain. 4: As a result you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
117. Consequently…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Consequently this movie is great. 2: Consequently we should leave now. 3: Consequently it's going to rain. 4: Consequently you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
118. Therefore…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Therefore this movie is great. 2: Therefore we should leave now. 3: Therefore it's going to rain. 4: Therefore you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
119. So…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: So this movie is great. 2: So we should leave now. 3: So it's going to rain. 4: So you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
120. That’s how…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: That’s how this movie is great. 2: That’s how we should leave now. 3: That’s how it's going to rain. 4: That’s how you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
121. Which explains why…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Which explains why this movie is great. 2: Which explains why we should leave now. 3: Which explains why it's going to rain. 4: Which explains why you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
122. Leading to…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Leading to this movie is great. 2: Leading to we should leave now. 3: Leading to it's going to rain. 4: Leading to you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
123. This led to…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: This led to this movie is great. 2: This led to we should leave now. 3: This led to it's going to rain. 4: This led to you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
124. In turn…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: In turn this movie is great. 2: In turn we should leave now. 3: In turn it's going to rain. 4: In turn you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
125. Eventually…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Eventually this movie is great. 2: Eventually we should leave now. 3: Eventually it's going to rain. 4: Eventually you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
126. Ultimately…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Ultimately this movie is great. 2: Ultimately we should leave now. 3: Ultimately it's going to rain. 4: Ultimately you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
127. For this reason…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: For this reason this movie is great. 2: For this reason we should leave now. 3: For this reason it's going to rain. 4: For this reason you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
128. Because of that…;This phrase is used to explain reasons or results. 1: Because of that this movie is great. 2: Because of that we should leave now. 3: Because of that it's going to rain. 4: Because of that you did a good job.;5-Explaining Reasons and Results
129. For example…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: For example this movie is great. 2: For example we should leave now. 3: For example it's going to rain. 4: For example you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
130. For instance…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: For instance this movie is great. 2: For instance we should leave now. 3: For instance it's going to rain. 4: For instance you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
131. Like…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Like this movie is great. 2: Like we should leave now. 3: Like it's going to rain. 4: Like you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
132. Such as…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Such as this movie is great. 2: Such as we should leave now. 3: Such as it's going to rain. 4: Such as you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
133. Take… for example.;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Take… for example. apples or oranges. 2: Take… for example. walking or running. 3: Take… for example. reading books. 4: Take… for example. playing games.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
134. A good example is…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: A good example is this movie is great. 2: A good example is we should leave now. 3: A good example is it's going to rain. 4: A good example is you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
135. To give you an idea…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: To give you an idea this movie is great. 2: To give you an idea we should leave now. 3: To give you an idea it's going to rain. 4: To give you an idea you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
136. You know…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: You know this movie is great. 2: You know we should leave now. 3: You know it's going to rain. 4: You know you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
137. I mean…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: I mean this movie is great. 2: I mean we should leave now. 3: I mean it's going to rain. 4: I mean you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
138. You see…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: You see this movie is great. 2: You see we should leave now. 3: You see it's going to rain. 4: You see you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
139. Basically…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Basically this movie is great. 2: Basically we should leave now. 3: Basically it's going to rain. 4: Basically you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
140. In other words…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: In other words this movie is great. 2: In other words we should leave now. 3: In other words it's going to rain. 4: In other words you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
141. What I mean is…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: What I mean is this movie is great. 2: What I mean is we should leave now. 3: What I mean is it's going to rain. 4: What I mean is you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
142. Let me put it this way…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Let me put it this way this movie is great. 2: Let me put it this way we should leave now. 3: Let me put it this way it's going to rain. 4: Let me put it this way you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
143. To put it simply…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: To put it simply this movie is great. 2: To put it simply we should leave now. 3: To put it simply it's going to rain. 4: To put it simply you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
144. Kind of…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Kind of this movie is great. 2: Kind of we should leave now. 3: Kind of it's going to rain. 4: Kind of you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
145. Sort of…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Sort of this movie is great. 2: Sort of we should leave now. 3: Sort of it's going to rain. 4: Sort of you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
146. In a way…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: In a way this movie is great. 2: In a way we should leave now. 3: In a way it's going to rain. 4: In a way you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
147. Somehow…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Somehow this movie is great. 2: Somehow we should leave now. 3: Somehow it's going to rain. 4: Somehow you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
148. Including…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Including this movie is great. 2: Including we should leave now. 3: Including it's going to rain. 4: Including you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
149. Especially…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Especially this movie is great. 2: Especially we should leave now. 3: Especially it's going to rain. 4: Especially you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
150. Particularly…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Particularly this movie is great. 2: Particularly we should leave now. 3: Particularly it's going to rain. 4: Particularly you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
151. Mainly…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Mainly this movie is great. 2: Mainly we should leave now. 3: Mainly it's going to rain. 4: Mainly you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
152. Mostly…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Mostly this movie is great. 2: Mostly we should leave now. 3: Mostly it's going to rain. 4: Mostly you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
153. Let’s say…;This phrase is used to give examples or provide additional explanations. 1: Let’s say this movie is great. 2: Let’s say we should leave now. 3: Let’s say it's going to rain. 4: Let’s say you did a good job.;6-Giving Examples and Additional Explanations
154. But…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: But this movie is great. 2: But we should leave now. 3: But it's going to rain. 4: But you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
155. However…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: However this movie is great. 2: However we should leave now. 3: However it's going to rain. 4: However you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
156. On the other hand…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: On the other hand this movie is great. 2: On the other hand we should leave now. 3: On the other hand it's going to rain. 4: On the other hand you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
157. Having said that…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Having said that this movie is great. 2: Having said that we should leave now. 3: Having said that it's going to rain. 4: Having said that you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
158. That said…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: That said this movie is great. 2: That said we should leave now. 3: That said it's going to rain. 4: That said you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
159. Even so…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Even so this movie is great. 2: Even so we should leave now. 3: Even so it's going to rain. 4: Even so you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
160. Still…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Still this movie is great. 2: Still we should leave now. 3: Still it's going to rain. 4: Still you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
161. Though…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Though this movie is great. 2: Though we should leave now. 3: Though it's going to rain. 4: Though you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
162. Although…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Although this movie is great. 2: Although we should leave now. 3: Although it's going to rain. 4: Although you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
163. Whereas…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Whereas this movie is great. 2: Whereas we should leave now. 3: Whereas it's going to rain. 4: Whereas you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
164. While…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: While this movie is great. 2: While we should leave now. 3: While it's going to rain. 4: While you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
165. Despite…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Despite this movie is great. 2: Despite we should leave now. 3: Despite it's going to rain. 4: Despite you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
166. In spite of…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: In spite of this movie is great. 2: In spite of we should leave now. 3: In spite of it's going to rain. 4: In spite of you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
167. Mind you…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Mind you this movie is great. 2: Mind you we should leave now. 3: Mind you it's going to rain. 4: Mind you you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
168. At the same time…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: At the same time this movie is great. 2: At the same time we should leave now. 3: At the same time it's going to rain. 4: At the same time you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
169. Nevertheless…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Nevertheless this movie is great. 2: Nevertheless we should leave now. 3: Nevertheless it's going to rain. 4: Nevertheless you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
170. Nonetheless…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Nonetheless this movie is great. 2: Nonetheless we should leave now. 3: Nonetheless it's going to rain. 4: Nonetheless you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
171. Yet…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Yet this movie is great. 2: Yet we should leave now. 3: Yet it's going to rain. 4: Yet you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
172. All the same…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: All the same this movie is great. 2: All the same we should leave now. 3: All the same it's going to rain. 4: All the same you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
173. Be that as it may…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Be that as it may this movie is great. 2: Be that as it may we should leave now. 3: Be that as it may it's going to rain. 4: Be that as it may you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
174. Conversely…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Conversely this movie is great. 2: Conversely we should leave now. 3: Conversely it's going to rain. 4: Conversely you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
175. By contrast…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: By contrast this movie is great. 2: By contrast we should leave now. 3: By contrast it's going to rain. 4: By contrast you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
176. Then again…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Then again this movie is great. 2: Then again we should leave now. 3: Then again it's going to rain. 4: Then again you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
177. On second thought…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: On second thought this movie is great. 2: On second thought we should leave now. 3: On second thought it's going to rain. 4: On second thought you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
178. Actually…;This phrase is used for transitions or to show contrasts. 1: Actually this movie is great. 2: Actually we should leave now. 3: Actually it's going to rain. 4: Actually you did a good job.;7-Transitions and Contrasts
179. Actually…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Actually this movie is great. 2: Actually we should leave now. 3: Actually it's going to rain. 4: Actually you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
180. In fact…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: In fact this movie is great. 2: In fact we should leave now. 3: In fact it's going to rain. 4: In fact you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
181. As a matter of fact…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: As a matter of fact this movie is great. 2: As a matter of fact we should leave now. 3: As a matter of fact it's going to rain. 4: As a matter of fact you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
182. Believe it or not…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Believe it or not this movie is great. 2: Believe it or not we should leave now. 3: Believe it or not it's going to rain. 4: Believe it or not you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
183. To be honest…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: To be honest this movie is great. 2: To be honest we should leave now. 3: To be honest it's going to rain. 4: To be honest you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
184. Seriously…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Seriously this movie is great. 2: Seriously we should leave now. 3: Seriously it's going to rain. 4: Seriously you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
185. Definitely…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Definitely this movie is great. 2: Definitely we should leave now. 3: Definitely it's going to rain. 4: Definitely you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
186. Absolutely…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Absolutely this movie is great. 2: Absolutely we should leave now. 3: Absolutely it's going to rain. 4: Absolutely you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
187. Totally…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Totally this movie is great. 2: Totally we should leave now. 3: Totally it's going to rain. 4: Totally you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
188. Completely…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Completely this movie is great. 2: Completely we should leave now. 3: Completely it's going to rain. 4: Completely you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
189. Really…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Really this movie is great. 2: Really we should leave now. 3: Really it's going to rain. 4: Really you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
190. Very…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Very this movie is great. 2: Very we should leave now. 3: Very it's going to rain. 4: Very you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
191. Extremely…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Extremely this movie is great. 2: Extremely we should leave now. 3: Extremely it's going to rain. 4: Extremely you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
192. Incredibly…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Incredibly this movie is great. 2: Incredibly we should leave now. 3: Incredibly it's going to rain. 4: Incredibly you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
193. Surprisingly…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Surprisingly this movie is great. 2: Surprisingly we should leave now. 3: Surprisingly it's going to rain. 4: Surprisingly you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
194. Obviously…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Obviously this movie is great. 2: Obviously we should leave now. 3: Obviously it's going to rain. 4: Obviously you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
195. Clearly…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Clearly this movie is great. 2: Clearly we should leave now. 3: Clearly it's going to rain. 4: Clearly you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
196. No doubt…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: No doubt this movie is great. 2: No doubt we should leave now. 3: No doubt it's going to rain. 4: No doubt you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
197. Without a doubt…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Without a doubt this movie is great. 2: Without a doubt we should leave now. 3: Without a doubt it's going to rain. 4: Without a doubt you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
198. Hands down…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Hands down this movie is great. 2: Hands down we should leave now. 3: Hands down it's going to rain. 4: Hands down you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
199. By far…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: By far this movie is great. 2: By far we should leave now. 3: By far it's going to rain. 4: By far you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
200. Literally…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Literally this movie is great. 2: Literally we should leave now. 3: Literally it's going to rain. 4: Literally you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
201. Pretty much…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Pretty much this movie is great. 2: Pretty much we should leave now. 3: Pretty much it's going to rain. 4: Pretty much you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
202. Basically…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Basically this movie is great. 2: Basically we should leave now. 3: Basically it's going to rain. 4: Basically you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
203. Essentially…;This phrase is used to emphasize or intensify the tone. 1: Essentially this movie is great. 2: Essentially we should leave now. 3: Essentially it's going to rain. 4: Essentially you did a good job.;8-Emphasis and Intensifying Tone
204. Well…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Well this movie is great. 2: Well we should leave now. 3: Well it's going to rain. 4: Well you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
205. You know…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: You know this movie is great. 2: You know we should leave now. 3: You know it's going to rain. 4: You know you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
206. I mean…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: I mean this movie is great. 2: I mean we should leave now. 3: I mean it's going to rain. 4: I mean you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
207. Let me think…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Let me think this movie is great. 2: Let me think we should leave now. 3: Let me think it's going to rain. 4: Let me think you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
208. Um…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Um this movie is great. 2: Um we should leave now. 3: Um it's going to rain. 4: Um you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
209. Uh…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Uh this movie is great. 2: Uh we should leave now. 3: Uh it's going to rain. 4: Uh you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
210. Hmm…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Hmm this movie is great. 2: Hmm we should leave now. 3: Hmm it's going to rain. 4: Hmm you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
211. Let’s see…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Let’s see this movie is great. 2: Let’s see we should leave now. 3: Let’s see it's going to rain. 4: Let’s see you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
212. How can I put it…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: How can I put it this movie is great. 2: How can I put it we should leave now. 3: How can I put it it's going to rain. 4: How can I put it you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
213. It’s hard to say…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: It’s hard to say this movie is great. 2: It’s hard to say we should leave now. 3: It’s hard to say it's going to rain. 4: It’s hard to say you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
214. I’m not sure…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: I’m not sure this movie is great. 2: I’m not sure we should leave now. 3: I’m not sure it's going to rain. 4: I’m not sure you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
215. It depends…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: It depends this movie is great. 2: It depends we should leave now. 3: It depends it's going to rain. 4: It depends you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
216. Kind of…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Kind of this movie is great. 2: Kind of we should leave now. 3: Kind of it's going to rain. 4: Kind of you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
217. Sort of…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Sort of this movie is great. 2: Sort of we should leave now. 3: Sort of it's going to rain. 4: Sort of you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
218. More or less…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: More or less this movie is great. 2: More or less we should leave now. 3: More or less it's going to rain. 4: More or less you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
219. To some extent…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: To some extent this movie is great. 2: To some extent we should leave now. 3: To some extent it's going to rain. 4: To some extent you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
220. In a sense…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: In a sense this movie is great. 2: In a sense we should leave now. 3: In a sense it's going to rain. 4: In a sense you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
221. As it were…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: As it were this movie is great. 2: As it were we should leave now. 3: As it were it's going to rain. 4: As it were you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
222. So to speak…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: So to speak this movie is great. 2: So to speak we should leave now. 3: So to speak it's going to rain. 4: So to speak you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
223. Like…;This phrase is used for hesitation or to fill thinking time. 1: Like this movie is great. 2: Like we should leave now. 3: Like it's going to rain. 4: Like you did a good job.;9-Hesitation and Filling Thinking Time
224. So basically…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: So basically this movie is great. 2: So basically we should leave now. 3: So basically it's going to rain. 4: So basically you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
225. In the end…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: In the end this movie is great. 2: In the end we should leave now. 3: In the end it's going to rain. 4: In the end you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
226. All in all…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: All in all this movie is great. 2: All in all we should leave now. 3: All in all it's going to rain. 4: All in all you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
227. Overall…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: Overall this movie is great. 2: Overall we should leave now. 3: Overall it's going to rain. 4: Overall you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
228. On the whole…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: On the whole this movie is great. 2: On the whole we should leave now. 3: On the whole it's going to rain. 4: On the whole you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
229. To sum up…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: To sum up this movie is great. 2: To sum up we should leave now. 3: To sum up it's going to rain. 4: To sum up you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
230. In short…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: In short this movie is great. 2: In short we should leave now. 3: In short it's going to rain. 4: In short you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
231. In a nutshell…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: In a nutshell this movie is great. 2: In a nutshell we should leave now. 3: In a nutshell it's going to rain. 4: In a nutshell you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
232. The bottom line is…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: The bottom line is this movie is great. 2: The bottom line is we should leave now. 3: The bottom line is it's going to rain. 4: The bottom line is you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
233. At the end of the day…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: At the end of the day this movie is great. 2: At the end of the day we should leave now. 3: At the end of the day it's going to rain. 4: At the end of the day you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
234. When all is said and done…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: When all is said and done this movie is great. 2: When all is said and done we should leave now. 3: When all is said and done it's going to rain. 4: When all is said and done you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
235. Anyway…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: Anyway this movie is great. 2: Anyway we should leave now. 3: Anyway it's going to rain. 4: Anyway you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
236. So yeah…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: So yeah this movie is great. 2: So yeah we should leave now. 3: So yeah it's going to rain. 4: So yeah you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
237. That’s about it.;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: That’s about it. it's a good idea. 2: That’s about it. that's correct. 3: That’s about it. I agree. 4: That’s about it. let's do it.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
238. I think that covers it.;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: I think that covers it. it's a good idea. 2: I think that covers it. that's correct. 3: I think that covers it. I agree. 4: I think that covers it. let's do it.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
239. To wrap it up…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: To wrap it up this movie is great. 2: To wrap it up we should leave now. 3: To wrap it up it's going to rain. 4: To wrap it up you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
240. In conclusion…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: In conclusion this movie is great. 2: In conclusion we should leave now. 3: In conclusion it's going to rain. 4: In conclusion you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
241. Ultimately…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: Ultimately this movie is great. 2: Ultimately we should leave now. 3: Ultimately it's going to rain. 4: Ultimately you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
242. Finally…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: Finally this movie is great. 2: Finally we should leave now. 3: Finally it's going to rain. 4: Finally you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
243. Lastly…;This phrase is used to end topics or summarize. 1: Lastly this movie is great. 2: Lastly we should leave now. 3: Lastly it's going to rain. 4: Lastly you did a good job.;10-Ending Topics and Summarizing
244. Really?;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Really? It's a good idea. 2: Really? That's correct. 3: Really? I agree. 4: Really? Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
245. No way!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: No way! It's a good idea. 2: No way! That's correct. 3: No way! I agree. 4: No way! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
246. You’re kidding!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: You’re kidding! It's a good idea. 2: You’re kidding! That's correct. 3: You’re kidding! I agree. 4: You’re kidding! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
247. That’s awesome!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: That’s awesome! It's a good idea. 2: That’s awesome! That's correct. 3: That’s awesome! I agree. 4: That’s awesome! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
248. That’s amazing!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: That’s amazing! It's a good idea. 2: That’s amazing! That's correct. 3: That’s amazing! I agree. 4: That’s amazing! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
249. That sucks.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: That sucks. It's a good idea. 2: That sucks. That's correct. 3: That sucks. I agree. 4: That sucks. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
250. Fair enough.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Fair enough. It's a good idea. 2: Fair enough. That's correct. 3: Fair enough. I agree. 4: Fair enough. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
251. You know what I mean?;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: You know what I mean? It's a good idea. 2: You know what I mean? That's correct. 3: You know what I mean? I agree. 4: You know what I mean? Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
252. Do you know what I’m saying?;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Do you know what I’m saying? It's a good idea. 2: Do you know what I’m saying? That's correct. 3: Do you know what I’m saying? I agree. 4: Do you know what I’m saying? Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
253. Right?;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Right? It's a good idea. 2: Right? That's correct. 3: Right? I agree. 4: Right? Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
254. Yeah.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Yeah. It's a good idea. 2: Yeah. That's correct. 3: Yeah. I agree. 4: Yeah. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
255. Sure.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Sure. It's a good idea. 2: Sure. That's correct. 3: Sure. I agree. 4: Sure. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
256. Of course.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Of course. It's a good idea. 2: Of course. That's correct. 3: Of course. I agree. 4: Of course. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
257. No problem.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: No problem. It's a good idea. 2: No problem. That's correct. 3: No problem. I agree. 4: No problem. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
258. Don’t mention it.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Don’t mention it. It's a good idea. 2: Don’t mention it. That's correct. 3: Don’t mention it. I agree. 4: Don’t mention it. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
259. You’re welcome.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: You’re welcome. It's a good idea. 2: You’re welcome. That's correct. 3: You’re welcome. I agree. 4: You’re welcome. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
260. Cheers!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Cheers! It's a good idea. 2: Cheers! That's correct. 3: Cheers! I agree. 4: Cheers! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
261. Thanks a lot.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Thanks a lot. It's a good idea. 2: Thanks a lot. That's correct. 3: Thanks a lot. I agree. 4: Thanks a lot. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
262. Thank you so much.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Thank you so much. It's a good idea. 2: Thank you so much. That's correct. 3: Thank you so much. I agree. 4: Thank you so much. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
263. Bless you! (打喷嚏后);This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Bless you! (打喷嚏后) It's a good idea. 2: Bless you! (打喷嚏后) That's correct. 3: Bless you! (打喷嚏后) I agree. 4: Bless you! (打喷嚏后) Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
264. Good for you!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Good for you! It's a good idea. 2: Good for you! That's correct. 3: Good for you! I agree. 4: Good for you! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
265. Lucky you!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Lucky you! It's a good idea. 2: Lucky you! That's correct. 3: Lucky you! I agree. 4: Lucky you! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
266. Better luck next time.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Better luck next time. It's a good idea. 2: Better luck next time. That's correct. 3: Better luck next time. I agree. 4: Better luck next time. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
267. Fingers crossed!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Fingers crossed! It's a good idea. 2: Fingers crossed! That's correct. 3: Fingers crossed! I agree. 4: Fingers crossed! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
268. Touch wood!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Touch wood! It's a good idea. 2: Touch wood! That's correct. 3: Touch wood! I agree. 4: Touch wood! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
269. Break a leg!;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Break a leg! It's a good idea. 2: Break a leg! That's correct. 3: Break a leg! I agree. 4: Break a leg! Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
270. Take care.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Take care. It's a good idea. 2: Take care. That's correct. 3: Take care. I agree. 4: Take care. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
271. See you later.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: See you later. It's a good idea. 2: See you later. That's correct. 3: See you later. I agree. 4: See you later. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
272. Catch you later.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Catch you later. It's a good idea. 2: Catch you later. That's correct. 3: Catch you later. I agree. 4: Catch you later. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
273. Talk to you later.;This phrase is used in daily social interactions. 1: Talk to you later. It's a good idea. 2: Talk to you later. That's correct. 3: Talk to you later. I agree. 4: Talk to you later. Let's do it.;11-Daily Social Interaction Response Phrases
274. And then…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: And then this movie is great. 2: And then we should leave now. 3: And then it's going to rain. 4: And then you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
275. After that…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: After that this movie is great. 2: After that we should leave now. 3: After that it's going to rain. 4: After that you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
276. Before that…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Before that this movie is great. 2: Before that we should leave now. 3: Before that it's going to rain. 4: Before that you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
277. Meanwhile…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Meanwhile this movie is great. 2: Meanwhile we should leave now. 3: Meanwhile it's going to rain. 4: Meanwhile you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
278. At the same time…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: At the same time this movie is great. 2: At the same time we should leave now. 3: At the same time it's going to rain. 4: At the same time you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
279. Later on…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Later on this movie is great. 2: Later on we should leave now. 3: Later on it's going to rain. 4: Later on you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
280. Eventually…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Eventually this movie is great. 2: Eventually we should leave now. 3: Eventually it's going to rain. 4: Eventually you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
281. In the meantime…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: In the meantime this movie is great. 2: In the meantime we should leave now. 3: In the meantime it's going to rain. 4: In the meantime you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
282. First of all…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: First of all this movie is great. 2: First of all we should leave now. 3: First of all it's going to rain. 4: First of all you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
283. To start with…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: To start with this movie is great. 2: To start with we should leave now. 3: To start with it's going to rain. 4: To start with you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
284. Secondly…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Secondly this movie is great. 2: Secondly we should leave now. 3: Secondly it's going to rain. 4: Secondly you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
285. Next…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Next this movie is great. 2: Next we should leave now. 3: Next it's going to rain. 4: Next you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
286. Then…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Then this movie is great. 2: Then we should leave now. 3: Then it's going to rain. 4: Then you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
287. After…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: After this movie is great. 2: After we should leave now. 3: After it's going to rain. 4: After you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
288. Before…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Before this movie is great. 2: Before we should leave now. 3: Before it's going to rain. 4: Before you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
289. While…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: While this movie is great. 2: While we should leave now. 3: While it's going to rain. 4: While you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
290. As soon as…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: As soon as this movie is great. 2: As soon as we should leave now. 3: As soon as it's going to rain. 4: As soon as you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
291. Once…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Once this movie is great. 2: Once we should leave now. 3: Once it's going to rain. 4: Once you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
292. When…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: When this movie is great. 2: When we should leave now. 3: When it's going to rain. 4: When you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
293. Until…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Until this movie is great. 2: Until we should leave now. 3: Until it's going to rain. 4: Until you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
294. Soon after…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Soon after this movie is great. 2: Soon after we should leave now. 3: Soon after it's going to rain. 4: Soon after you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
295. Right after…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Right after this movie is great. 2: Right after we should leave now. 3: Right after it's going to rain. 4: Right after you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
296. Ever since…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Ever since this movie is great. 2: Ever since we should leave now. 3: Ever since it's going to rain. 4: Ever since you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
297. From then on…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: From then on this movie is great. 2: From then on we should leave now. 3: From then on it's going to rain. 4: From then on you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
298. Up until then…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Up until then this movie is great. 2: Up until then we should leave now. 3: Up until then it's going to rain. 4: Up until then you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
299. Soon afterwards…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: Soon afterwards this movie is great. 2: Soon afterwards we should leave now. 3: Soon afterwards it's going to rain. 4: Soon afterwards you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
300. In the following years…;This phrase is used to connect ideas or show logical flow. 1: In the following years this movie is great. 2: In the following years we should leave now. 3: In the following years it's going to rain. 4: In the following years you did a good job.;12-Connecting and Logical Flow Phrases
